science.ai lets you create a high-quality journal quickly and easily.
You have all the settings you need to configure your journal.
Just start your journal, add your staff, set up the editorial workflows you want, add as many publication types as you need, group
publications into issues, and more.
science.ai is your new publishing inbox.
It contains all your submissions, and a way to tag them and search them.
For example, as an editor, you can quickly find submissions tagged as priority that need you to make an assessment and decide whether to
accept or reject the submission.
Let's look at this submission needing an assessment.
You see what has to be done, and when it is due.
Here, we see we need to make a decision and it's due in three days.
And you have all the information you need to make a decision.
The reviews submitted by the reviewers are available as attachments.
Below the reviews, you have the contents of the manuscript and any reviewer comments in context.
If you need to check a previous version, you have access to the entire history of the submission.
When submissions are accepted, they become immediately available on the journal homepage as production-ready articles, with resources embedded and rich metadata in context.
In addition to a DOI [digital object identifier], all articles have human readable identifiers so you can link to any section, any paragraph, or any resource in the article so science can finally be referenced and shared precisely.
Click below to learn more or apply for a free trial to start publishing with science today.